[DOCS] Add custom fields to cases (#3293)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/manage-cases.asciidoc

. After you've completed all of the required fields, click *Create case*.

[float]
[[case-custom-fields]]
== Add custom fields

preview::[]

You can add optional and required fields for customized case collaboration.

. Go to *Cases* -> *Settings*.
+
--
// [role="screenshot"]
// image::images/cases-custom-fields-view.png[View custom fields in case settings]
// // NOTE: This is an autogenerated screenshot. Do not edit it directly.

> NOTE: To view and change case settings, you must have the appropriate {kib} feature privileges. Refer to <<setup-cases>>.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: To view and change case settings, you must have the appropriate {kib} feature privileges. Refer to <<grant-cases-access>>.
```
